Give me a truth.
I'm sorry, what?
Your science says learn Bible truth.
So I assume you're here to share said truth, so share one.
My name's Nita, what's yours?
Jade.
Like the stone?
No, like I'm jaded.
Are you going to share something or what?
Um, yeah.
Did you know the Bible says you can live forever?
Heaven, that's what you're sharing.
That's not exactly new, is it?
No, I mean, did you know the Bible says you can live forever on earth?
But why would I want that?
This place is a mess.
But it won't be in the future.
Revelation 21 verse 4 promises.
And tea will wipe out every tear from their eyes.
And death will be no more.
Neither will morning, nor outcry, nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.
Since there's no death or pain in heaven, where would this promise apply?
The earth.
I didn't know the Bible said that.
Wicked.
I mean, that's cool.
Oh, OK.
Would you like to learn how to be part of that future?
Uh, yeah.
Thanks.
I'm not really the cheque type.
And I'm late.
So see you later.